---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/labrys/1-labrys-overview/"}
---


So, do you understand our situation now? How we've come to be, and how we earned this title of "godslayers?" You do? Awesome! Now that our history lesson is over, it's time to learn a bit about the place you're staying: Labrys. Labrys is the de facto capital of Kalighar. 

Labrys is the most important settlement in the Outlands—a name we use for all the regions within Labrys's immediate reach. It's the new bed of civilization in the New Age, built by the survivors of the Great Wars in defiance to the Compagnia demigods, who lurk in the wilds tempting mortals to join their cults, all to fuel their ascension. Labrys is quite advanced in artifice, or so I've heard. Due to the disappearance of magic in the Age of Ruin, we had to learn how to make do. However, after its return at the turn of the New Age, we learned how to use it in conjunction with artifice to do wonders. 

The ten warbands that built Labrys acquiesced that her people shouldn't feel the need to pick one side of the whole over the other, but the leaders still wanted to feel as though each warband had claimed a corner of Labrys for themselves. That is how the ten districts came to be. Each warband claimed dominion over a district and contributed to its construction. Then came the factions, remnants of smaller warbands and splinters of the main ones, with their own agendas and ideals. So, instead of warbands, we had factions fighting for the spotlight. We'll get to them later.



